Okay,
guys on Welcome back.
Location on DSO become to our second key location.
And the chances are if I asked you what you had for breakfast yesterday,
you would instantly be transported back to your kitchen at home.
As you recall.
What?
It was you eight.
Similarly,
if I asked you about lunch,
you may find yourself in the canteen at work and dinner.
Well,
maybe he tried that new Thai place in the high street.
Now the sequence is naturally preserved by the location.
If you can't instantly recall the meal,
you could think yourself back to the location.
And from there,
get to what it was that you ate.
Remember the context we learned about in the signs?
A lecture?
If we wanted to memorize the order of the American presidents,
it would be helpful to have a pre defined route where we could go to drop George Washington
.
That position one.
John Adams at position to Thomas Jefferson at three.
And so one or the key points to a speech you have to give No,
no,
no.
Please.
Location.
A great way to preserve sequence is also useful for grouping things.
We wish to remember it just makes sense.
You probably keep all your knives,
forks and spoons in the same drawer,
right?
If we wanted to memorize all of the American state capitals,
wouldn't it be useful if we had that information all in one place?
That way,
if someone asks What's the capital of Illinois?
You can instantly go to your mental American state capital place on Retrieve the answer.
Springfield.
Now looking for us,
we probably already have a bunch of Germany's stored in our memory.
Even if we hadn't thought of used them for this purpose before,
we certainly can.
Now,
each of those journeys those roots will have distinct and discrete points that you could
latch onto and use telling something that you want to remember.
You will have a root toe work you could mentally walk around your school,
that holiday resort that you love so much it doesn't even have to be Really.
You could have a route through video game,
providing you know it well enough.
Using their amazing power of association.
We're going to link items we want to memorize to specific locations along our journey and
together started.
I want you to map out a route with 10 stops,
10 distinct and separate white points that you were going to use to memorize 10 random
items just for fun.
What I want you to do here is take a few minutes to map out a route with 10 locations or
distinct way points to make this easy.
Let's start where you start the day waking up in your bedroom so your bedroom is positioned
one.
Perhaps the first thing you do after you wake is go to the loo,
said the bathroom.
Maybe location to.
After that,
you probably wash your hands so position three could be the sink on.
May be,
then you go downstairs on the stairway.
Could be positioned for the bottom of the stairs.
The hallway could be position five,
maybe then go into the living room and put the breakfast news on.
And that's number six,
then into the kitchen to put the cat one.
Number seven and so on.
It doesn't matter if you run out of rooms,
you can always go outside,
so take the next couple of minutes.
Pause the lecture,
a map,
your journey of 10 distinct points when you already hit play and let's get this done.
Okay.
Got them.
Remember to tie each item to the location.
Ready There.
Let's begin.
Item number one Giraffe ice swimming pool.
The non is football custard guitar.
Clint Eastwood,
handbag Chimney.
Okay,
there your 10 items.
Now let's run through those in order.
So what was the first item which is probably stored in your bedroom?
Can you return that?
It was giraffe.
And immediately after the giraffe,
we had ice.
And then from ice from position to we went to position three.
And there we had swimming pool.
And after swimming pool,
we had bananas.
After bananas,
we had football.
After football,
we had custard.
And after custody,
we had guitar.
And who did we have after guitar?
Clint Eastwood.
And after Clint Hand Bank and I finalize him.
Waas chimney.
Okay,
so that's the same less than I asked you to remember at the very start of the course.
How did you do this time?
Was your school better?
Did you get all 10?
If you did,
that's amazing.
Well done.
But if not,
don't worry.
Because next,
we're gonna look at that third key to a perfect memory imagination on when she complete
that,
you'll be getting 10 8 to 10 every time.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.